.TH WP-BACKUP 1

.SH NAME
wp-backup - simple WordPress backup tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wp-backup
[\fB\-h\fR | \fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR | \fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR | \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR]
[\fB\-w\fR \fIURL\fR | \fB\-\-wpurl\fR \fIURL\fR]
[\fB\-o\fR \fIFILE\fR | \fB\-\-output-file\fR \fIFILE\fR]
[\fB\-q\fR | \fB\-\-quiet\fR]
[\fB\-\-ignore-ssl-errors\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wp-backup
is a simple program that is able to connect to a WordPress server and download WXR dump.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
shows this help and exits.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
shows version number and exits.

.TP
.BR \-u ", " \-\-username " " \fIUSERNAME\fR
username for login into WordPress.

.TP
.BR \-w ", " \-\-wpurl " " \fIURL\fR
URL of the WordPress installation (without "wp-admin" or "wp-login").

.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output-file " " \fIFILE\fR
destination file name for downloaded XML (default: "wordpress.xml").

.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
disables output into terminal.

.TP
.BR \-\-ignore-ssl-errors
skips SSL certificate validation.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2017 Vlasta Vesely

.SH LICENSING AND WARRANTY
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

